c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\DriverETACloud.Service.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\DriverETACloud.Service.dll.config
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\DriverETACloud.Service.pdb
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\u23298\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\u23298\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\DriverETACloud.Entities.dll
C:\Users\u23298\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\DriverETACloud.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\u23298\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\u23298\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\u23298\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\u23298\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\DriverETACloud\DriverETACloud.CloudService\obj\Debug\DriverETACloud.Service\bin\EntityFramework.xml
